- dude
[Music]
gotcha son to be scared sometimes huh
it's bad it's just you know it's pretty
violent I understand that some of youth
behaviour would be upsetting but I urge
you to find a place where he feels safe
I think it would be good for him good
for all of us
oh my goodness think of that almost be a
very nice dude and it's like he was
broken before and put back together
who's this handsome chap from how'd you
come up with that he tells me all sorts
of things okay I just think it's all of
it creepy
[Music]
is this your new friend Brahms what are
some of the things you talked about the
other families he's loveless gonna take
the doll away from him yes it's just a
wish but first something is happening to
him you knew your boy would find it
[Music]
louia mommy I love you
[Applause]
[Music]